welcome everyone I'm Deronda with foods
101 today I'm going to show you how to
make these crispy fried beer battered
onion rings and let me tell you they're
absolutely fantastic and very addictive
now I'm using the Vidalia onions right
now they're abundant in the grocery
store this time of the year and you're
going to use about this size of an onion
you're going to slice the ends off peel
off the first layer and slice them into
about 1/4 to 1/2 an inch in slices
once you get your slices cut you're
gonna pull them apart into these rings
and of course the closer you get to the
center of your sliced onion the smaller
your onion ring is going to become I've
got 1 cup of flour 3/4 of a cup of corn
starch 1 teaspoon of pepper Rica this is
the smoky Hungarian pepper Rica and let
me tell you folks when you bite into
this onion ring using this smoky paprika
you're gonna get a burst of flavor
absolutely delicious I've got 1 teaspoon
of baking powder 1/2 teaspoon of kosher
salt 1/4 teaspoon of fresh cracked
pepper and I've got 1 bottle a 12 ounce
bottle of chilled beer now I'm using the
rolling rock today but if you want to
use the lager or whatever you have on
hand that's great just make sure you've
got about 12 ounces of chilled beer now
let me show you how to get this together
to the flour you're gonna add your
baking powder you're gonna add your salt
pepper Rica and pepper using a whisk you
want to incorporate these five
ingredients well together next we're
gonna add the beer
slowly add your beer make sure it's
chilled it's very important that it's
chilled oh yeah no see yummy but these
onions and this fabulous battery over
here on the stove I have three cups of
vegetable oil heating on medium heat you
want your oil about 350 degrees
Fahrenheit and now we're gonna take the
corn starch add it in there and give it
a whisk this is what's gonna give that
onion ring an extra crunch of Chris
penis now that your onion ring batter is
well combined you're gonna add about a
third of your onions using a skewer I'm
gonna go ahead and toss these around so
come on over here to the stovetop and
I'll show you how to get these frying I
got my oil heating on medium heat you
don't want to heat your oil any higher
than that I'm a good five to eight
minutes to heat it would be good but to
test to make sure the oil is ready I'm
gonna drop a piece of bread in there if
it sizzles which it is then it's time
for the onion rings so I'm gonna go
ahead and get this out and I'm gonna add
the onion rings I find that it's best to
add the onion rings with a skewer that
way you can shake off the excess batter
on your onion and go ahead and drop it
right into the oil and we're gonna fry
this about a minute to a minute and a
half on each side of the onion rings be
sure not to overcrowd your pan
oh wow they're beginning to sizzle and
smell so delicious the onion rings have
been frying for about three and a half
minutes and I'd like to add a little bit
more batter to the onion rings so what
I'm going to do is I'm going to shake my
other onion rings in a little flour I'm
going to coat the onions before I put it
in the batter now back over here in the
back I've lined a cookie sheet with
about three layers of paper towels and
I'm going to drain my onion rings on
them now as you can see I've added a
little flour to a plastic bag I'm gonna
a few my angle rings in there and I'm
gonna give them a nice little shape
before I add it into the batter my onion
rings are holding just a little bit more
batter on them and in the hot oil they
go and again these are gonna fry
anywhere from three to four minutes
that means about one and a half to two
minutes on each side before we turn
these have been frying for about 4
minutes and I love the thickness of the
batter now absolutely gonna be yummy and
delicious so we're gonna lime over here
let them drain and as soon as you get
them out of the oil what you're gonna do
is you're gonna add a little kosher salt
to the top because if you let it cool
that salt is not going to stick to those
onion rings here's our crispy fried
beer-battered onion rings I can't wait
to try one tell you what it tastes like
Wow mmm crunchy delicious sweet onion
fried perfectly golden mmm little hear
that Hungarian peppery kiss coming
through mmm that corn starch gives it
this extra delicious mmm
crunch you won't be disappointed hope
y'all give these a try give me a thumbs
up leave me a comment
I'll catch you next time